---
layout: post
title: Python is Object Oriented Programming
tags: [Computer Science, python]
---
**Python**

Python is an object oriented programming language.

What is pythonic programming?

It follows 'The Zen of Python'


Here is object oriented program example:

```python
class Celsius:
    def __init__(self, temperature = 0):
        self._temperature = temperature

    def to_fahrenheit(self):
        return (self.temperature * 1.8) + 32

    @property
    def temperature(self):
        print("Getting value")
        return self._temperature

    @temperature.setter
    def temperature(self, value):
        if value < -273:
            raise ValueError("Temperature below -273 is not possible")
        print("Setting value")
        self._temperature = value
```


- **class**

> creates a new type of object, allowing new instances of that type to be made

`Celsius` is an object.

`temperature` is an instance.

- **def**

>introduces a function definition
>must be followed by the function name and the parenthesized list of formal parameters

- *execution*
>introduces a new symbol table used for the local variables of the function
>all variable assignments in a function store the value in the local symbol table
>then in the local symbol tables of enclosing functions
>then in the global symbol table, and finally in the table of built-in names

The actual parameters (arguments) to a function call are introduced in the local symbol table of the called function when it is called: thus, arguments are passed using call by value.

function of `to_fahrenheit` receives arguments of `value`. then it returns `(temperature*1.8) + 32\`


- **@property**

>If given, doc will be the docstring of the property attribute.
>Otherwise, the property will copy fget’s docstring (if it exists).
>This makes it possible to create read-only properties easily using property() as a decorator

```
get_

set_

```


- **@decorator**


The current method of applying a transformation to a function or method places the actual transformation after the function body. For large functions this separates a key component of the function's behavior from the definition of the rest of the function's external interface.

For example:

```python
def foo(self):
    perform method operation
foo = classmethod(foo)
```

This becomes less readable with longer methods. It also seems less than pythonic to name the function three times for what is conceptually a single declaration. A solution to this problem is to move the transformation of the method closer to the method's own declaration. The intent of the new syntax is to replace

```python
def foo(cls):
    pass
foo = synchronized(lock)(foo)
foo = classmethod(foo)
```
with an alternative that places the decoration in the function's declaration:

```python
@classmethod
@synchronized(lock)
def foo(cls):
    pass
```
Modifying classes in this fashion is also possible, though the benefits are not as immediately apparent



- **TIPS**
>
>
>

Related Posts
***
- **Reference**
